a boheme films production (www.bohemefilms.com)

Film Synopsis

Awake by Hunter Richards

Suicidal and in despair, Ara (Rebekah Paltrow) is on the verge of a complete mental breakdown.  Her best friend Robin (Rosario Dawson), 
takes matters into her own hands and realizes that tough love is the only way to save Ara from herself.

Awake is the story of a young woman and her journey of self-discovery and redemption. Filmmaker, Hunter Richards, directs the cast of 
this original short, on a timely coming of age story through darkness into a world of light that we all have the power to discover.

Though the audience is not privy to the circumstances of Ara&rsquo;s sadness, we see through Robin&rsquo;s eyes that this is not her true self and 
that she is capable of being happy, but needs a firm hand to guide her in the right direction and out of the prison of her own dark thoughts.  
Lead by a mystical sage (Sean Lennon) Ara is led on the journey of enlightenment. 

The film opens with Robin making the difficult decision to do what is best for her friend in spite of how hard it is, and pushing her out 
onto the path of discovery. We are invited to join her on her intense and spiritual journey of awakening.


Cast and Crew

Awake Cast and Crew

Writer/Director
Hunter Richards
Hunter Richards is a writer/director with the ability to channel powerful characters on to the page and is known for making his actor's shine. 
He lives between LA, NY, and Hawaii where he loves to swim with dolphins and whales and is very active in movements to protect our world's sea life. 
He is currently filming the short film Awake as well as in pre-production on both a documentary entitled, Power, and a feature film about the 
musical artist Sublime.

Producers
Lee Cleary and Rebekah Paltrow
Lee Cleary is a member of Director's Guild of America and Director's Guild of Canada. Since starting his career in 1980, Cleary has worked with 
Directors Steven Speilberg, Ron Howard, George Lucas, Steven Soderbergh, Lord Richard Attenborough, Sydney Pollack, Stephen Frears, Kevin Costner, 
Warren Beatty, Robert Redford, Clint Eastwood and Bryan Singer, and recently won the DGA award for outstanding directorial achievement for The Hurt Locker. 

Executive Producers
Mandie Erickson and Adam Neumann

Line Producer
Jake Pokluda
Jacob Pokluda is a propelling force behind many film projects in Southwestern United States. His passion for filmmaking is rooted in his desire to 
tell human stories that transcend all walks of life. Film credits include Living Gauguin, Red Mesa, Mirando Al Norte and Jordan. He is currently line 
producing a science fiction feature film, 0000, directed by Eddie Alcazar, in New Mexico.

Co-Producer
Tara Smith

First AD
Lee Cleary

DP Ben Lichty
Ben Lichty is a Toronto based director of photography focusing on narrative cinematography: shooting beautiful images in the service of great stories. 
His filmography includes, Queer as Folk, The Love Guru, and Jumper.

Starring:
Rebekah Paltrow as ARA
Rebekah Paltrow was born in New York on February 26,1978. After graduating from Cornell University she worked in Finance and Music (with Michael Franti) 
before beginning her career as an actress. This year, Rebekah starred in an Old Vic production of Anton Chekhov's Three Sisters directed by Eve Best as 
well as founded Bohème Films, a film company whose mission is to create socially relevant and spiritually progressive films. Awake, written and directed 
by Hunter Richards, is the company's first film in which Rebekah plays Ara, a woman on the verge of a suicidal breakdown who has the choice to find 
enlightenment or die. This year, Rebekah also appeared opposite Lucy Liu in Nomads.

Rosario Dawson as ROBIN
Born in NYC, NY in 1979. At age 16, while sitting on her stoop, she was discovered by Harmony Korine who cast her as the sexually charged teenager in 
the controversial film, Kids.  Often times reflecting New York’s tough side, Dawson has played the roles of drug addicts, streetwalkers, homeless mom, 
and more. Some of her film highlights include Rent, Seven Pounds, Sin City, 25th Hour, and Shattered Glass.

Sean Lennon as THE SAGE
Sean Lennon was born in October of 1975 in NYC. He is a British-American singer, songwriter, musician, guitarist and actor. He is the only son John Lennon 
and Yoko Ono had together. His arrival inspired the song Beautiful Boy. At 16 years old, Sean rewrote his father’s song "Give Peace A Chance", with Lenny Kravitz. 

Lynn Cohen as OLDER ARA
Lynn Cohen was born in Kansas City, Missouri.  She is known for her unbelievable work in both film and stage. Many know her as Magda on the HBO series 
and film “Sex and the City”. She also was in Munich, Across the Universe, Vanya on 42nd Street, and Eagle Eye.


©2010 boheme films
www.bohemefilms.com
web design by e9digital
